- 👋 Hi, I’m @smylagirl
- 👀 I’m interested in ... so many subjects people frequently TELL mr I have ADD. Not ask. And no, I dont't, or autism (the second most common thing I'm asked if I should just go ahead and be tested for). I'm just neurodivergent in a VERY helpful yet weirdly annoying to the people around me kind of way, especially having a wide variety of interests, partial photographic memory (specifically for the written word more and random scenery during conversations I'm recalling), perfect pitch in hearing but not reproduction, & an IQ more than 2 standard deviations above the average; >3 above the American average. Smart enough to know a few points don't truly make a difference and the test is only as good as the person who made it (i.e. find the flaws the people writing and checking didn't notice or consider in wording or whether a questiom or pattern has more than 1 correct answer or pattern they didn't consider or weren't able to see, and you will have intelligent people confused by a multiple choice with 2 correct answers, losing yime, possibly choosing the "wrong" answer. both deducting points just as guessing on some you have no idea about may yield a fast quick answer due to luckgiving an average person extra points or helping the intelligent person closer to the score they shoulf have if it happens. However, in my opinion, the only thing it does is measure how fast you can recall information and put it together either other kinds of information that different areas of the brain handle, or with new information provided to solve a problem presented- that's it, thinking speed, accurate recall, and putting together new and old information to solve a problem (eith the additional pattern recognition ability which isnt necessary if you can do the other 3, but it speeds up the time it takes if you're talented at it so it tests that as well even though it's supposed to be separate along with spatial orientation). Being a polymath is a bit like having the cheat code for problem solving, but not being able to explain to anyone HOW you solved it without sounding like a squirrel with ADHD on crack and skipping large chunks of the process as I wasn't aware of the various parts of my brain working through all of them at once: a bit here, a piece there, and here's the answer. So "show your work" mainly involes a doodle of a thought bubble with random words and numbers followed by the answer... did NOT go well for me in school or college. 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ... pick something? Native American tribal history, myths, beliefs, daily life, and cultural structures, workings of VPN & DNS functions, improving my German, Reiki, Chakras, and energy healing, plant life connections and communication, particle physics and their application on a multi-galaxy/Universe level, the evidence proving that an abundance of mirror neurons found on a % of the population previously diagnosed with odd & rare disorders & symptoms that didnt QUITE fit can cause what they're decidedly NOT calling psycic phenomena, really anything I don't know that catches my attention. 
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 📫 How to reach me ... leave a message or email
- 😄 Pronouns: ... are dumb. I hate being jammed into a box. Making your own to jam yourself into? dumb. If anyone can answer my challenge I'll accept otherwise (but no one has) and here it is- Define what makes someone male or female WITHOUT using any physical characteristics (as in "I feel like a man/woman because") that is accepted as true by even MOST cultures, races, religions, countries, regions, and other people of the same and opposite gender. For example- "women like to bake and men dont" except most chefs are men and an AWFUL lot of women will tell you they feel like it's a chore so that's not something femanine, definitely not in many cultures. (The point of this being you can just be you, stop worrying about something so pointless so much because there's nothing that's ACTUALLY madculine or femanine, only how YOU percieve it so again you have too much time to think about pointless things. Just accept yourself as you are, love and be pround of the good things about yourself & work on your flaws, and spend that brainpower on something that matters). 
- ⚡ Fun fact: ... I over-explain in an effort not to be misunderstood as my thoughts skip past so much I've spent most of my life being told I dont make sense. It may be irritating, but I try to choose my words carefully and explain well so I don't constantly have people going "huh?". If I use words with meanings that arent understood, I welcome being asked, just as I welcome being asked for further details rather than continuing when the person Im speaking to got lost. No one should be embarressed about asking questions of the speaker- the speaker shoulf be embarressed if they can't answer (it means they dont REALLY know what they're talking about if they use words they dont know or speak about concepts they cant explain). I also LOVE reading and watching sci-fi/fantasy over any other genre & always have

<!---
smylagirl/smylagirl is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
